Add ros*_openvino_toolkit (#3)
dkurt/awesome-openvino: README.md

| [Open3D-ML](https://github.com/isl-org/Open3D-ML) | Point cloud semantic segmentation and object detection |
| [3D Multi-person Pose Estimation](https://github.com/Daniil-Osokin/lightweight-human-pose-estimation-3d-demo.pytorch) | Real-time 3D Multi-person Pose Estimation Demo |

## Robotics

| Repository | Description | 
|---|---|

> | [ros_openvino_toolkit](https://github.com/intel/ros_openvino_toolkit) | ROS-adaptered runtime framework of neural network which quickly deploys applications and solutions for vision inference |

Author: ```suggestion
| [ros_openvino_toolkit](https://github.com/intel/ros_openvino_toolkit) | ROS-adaptered runtime framework of NNs which quickly deploys applications and solutions for vision inference |
```

> | [ros2_openvino_toolkit](https://github.com/intel/ros2_openvino_toolkit) | ROS2-adaptered runtime framework of neural network which quickly deploys applications and solutions for vision inference |

Author: ```suggestion
| [ros2_openvino_toolkit](https://github.com/intel/ros2_openvino_toolkit) | ROS2-adaptered runtime framework of NNs which quickly deploys applications and solutions for vision inference |
```
